#/bin/sh

backlog task create "Add vulnerability and security issue scanner"
backlog task create "Add GDPR notifications and mandatory features"
backlog task create "AI assisted retrieval and creation of profile (both crew or owner) from external sources scraping web pages, facebook etc."
backlog task create "AI driven onboarding both for crew and owner"
backlog task create "Internationalization"
backlog task create "Support for cobacklog task createowned boats and/or multiple permanent crew for a boat"
backlog task create "Support for multiple persons registrations and/or invitation to join the boat/leg e.g. families, couples etc."
backlog task create "Add interview process to registration and interview scheduler"
backlog task create "Secure document vault for sensitive uploaded docs like passports, etc."
backlog task create "Add a cost sharing model management for journeys and legs e.g. how costs are split and managed, each crew member of its own, common journey kitty" 
backlog task create "Cost planning and meal prepping  AI assistant, to understand food and other costs for a leg"
backlog task create "Functionality to gather user inputs and feedback, feature proposals and voting system" 
backlog task create "AIbacklog task creategenerated automatic matching of crew and boats, based in interests, and profile. create "daily "perfect match" hits for users"
backlog task create "AIbacklog task createassisted functionality to create "a marketing material for a Journey, with images, videos etc. that can be published on the app"
backlog task create "AI screening of profile a "trust" score", some kind of analysis of how trustworthy the profile is."
backlog task create "Scoring system for crew and skippers to build trust where it is possible to provide feedback after legs"
backlog task create "Notifications and messaging to users e.g. new legs, changes, approvals, new matches"
backlog task create "Feedback functionality for users to give feedback about the app e.g. missing features, issues / problems. create "AIbacklog task createcurated list of top new features visible for the users" 
backlog task create "Proposal feature for crew to propose and vote certain legs, routes etc giving skippers to know about the demand." 
backlog task create "Implement native mobile app"
backlog task create "Define production deployment architecture, with performance considerations"
backlog task create "Patreon / crowdsourcing support model"
backlog task create "Plan earnings logic / business model: Freemium, Subscription, Adds, or community / crowdsourced"
backlog task create "Marketing plan and materials, logos, icons, basic UX"
backlog task create "Cobacklog task createoperation with noforeignland, Predict Wind, Navily"